attachments directories to sync (#311)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/pictures.en.md

pictures are saved into the "DCIM" folder with a timestamp
as name.

!![picture path](../assets/images/picture_path.png)

> If other directories are used, it is possible to set a list of them that needs to be copied in the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to synchronize additional directories with pictures or other attachments. Additional paths can be configured in _Attachment directories_. All paths are relative to the project directory.
```
